Download Link: https://assignmentchef.com/product/solved-cs113-homework-8-huffman-tree-encoding-url-request
<br>
You will be given some code that will retrieve text from a given website and output it to a file (see the following table for limited chars), as well as the code for a Binary Tree. You are to use Java’s built in `PriorityQueue`, in conjunction with the given `BinaryTree` and `HuffmanInterface` to build a `HuffmanTree` which will encode the retrieved text file. Your `HuffmanTree` implementation will provide a lossless compression of text which can then be sent (along with the Huffman tree) and decompressed with the same Huffman tree.

“`Valid chars left over after cleaning webpage and storing into file:A-Z (upper case letter) charactersa-z (lower case letter) characters0-9 (digit) charactersonly allowed symbols: space ( ), tab (t), newline (
), exclamation mark (!), period (.), question mark (?)“`

**Provide a driver** to demonstrate your `HuffmanTree` implementation works by:1. Taking a URL and output text file name to create the ***original file***, this file is used to create the Huffman tree2. Using the built Huffman tree with the *original file*’s website text to create an ***encoded file***3. Using the built Huffman tree with the *encoded file* to create a ***decoded file***4. Output the number of bits for each file, make sure to use 16 bits per character for the *original* and *decoded* files (for *encoded* file simply count the number of 0’s and 1’s for the number of bits). Note that *original* and *decoded* files should have the exact same number of bits!5. Output the percentage of compression (number of bits in *original* file / number of bits in *encoded* file).

## Implementation Notes– Your `HuffmanTree` must implement the given `HuffmanInterface`, which includes the `encode` and `decode` methods which accept a single String parameter. Once tested and complete, consider the interaction between `TextFileGenerator` and `HuffmanTree` in your driver program (how might you construct a tree based on information received from a file?).– **DO NOT USE BINARY FILES FOR THIS PROJECT**. You will encode by outputting the 1’s and 0’s to the console and a text file- you do not need to work with actual binary files!– You cannot use any data structure we have not covered in the course so far (i.e., HashTables are not allowed).

&gt; ***PRO-TIPS:***&gt; – A thorough explanation of a Huffman tree can be found on p. 299 of your textbook.&gt; – `BufferedReader` and its `read()` method can be especially helpful.&gt; – **Make sure to use the count of each character in the file as the weights for the most efficient compression!**